Add workload context to hubble context labels. (#25667)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/observability/metrics.rst

``identity``          All Cilium security identity labels
``namespace``         Kubernetes namespace name
``pod``               Kubernetes pod name and namespace name in the form of ``namespace/pod``.
``pod-short``         Deprecated, will be removed in Cilium 1.14 - use ``workload|workload-name`` instead. Short version of the Kubernetes pod name. Typically the deployment/replicaset name.
``pod-name``          Kubernetes pod name.
``dns``               All known DNS names of the source or destination (comma-separated)
``ip``                The IPv4 or IPv6 address
``reserved-identity`` Reserved identity label.

> ``workload``          Kubernetes pod's workload name and namespace in front of ``namespace/workload-name``.

Reviewer: Phrasing here could be improved. 

```suggestion
``workload``          Kubernetes pod's workload name and namespace in the form of ``namespace/workload-name``.
```

Author: done
